fix: a more descriptive readme for restore (#40)
cedana/cedana-helm-charts: examples/README.md

HSET 'user:002' first_name 'David' last_name 'Bloom' dob '03-MAR-1981'
```

> Great! Now its time to checkpoint the container. Lets set necessary environment variables before we proceed. The following variables should work on GKE.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Great! Now its time to checkpoint the container. Lets set necessary environment variables before we proceed. The following variables should work on most default containerd clusters.
```

There is nothing specific to GKE but the root is specific to containerd, it will break with crio or other setups even on GKE.

```bash
export CHECKPOINT_CONTAINER=redis \

> export CHECKPOINT_SANDBOX=redis-6b5bcbb6b6-tdb4p \

Reviewer: sandbox name for pods deployed through deployment is not fixed this is not work out of the box for almost anyone.

Author: yes, user is expected to manually edit this.

    "sandbox_name": "'$RESTORE_SANDBOX'",
    "namespace": "'$NAMESPACE'",
    "checkpoint_path": "'$CHECKPOINT_PATH'",
    "root": "'$ROOT'",

>     "is_k3s":"false"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
default is false and it should be removed soon iirc we did remove it from the api.
